---
title: Support S.2849
issue: britt-grant
---

My name is [NAME]. I am a constituent, and my zip code is [ZIP]. I am a member of Indivisible SF.

​I am outraged and appalled by the new Trump policy of forcibly separating immigrant children from their parents. There are credible news reports that men, women, and children are being subjected to atrocious and inhumane living conditions by the private entities who operate immigration detention facilities. The fact that U.S. Senator Merkley was threatened with arrest when he tried to inspect conditions in just such a privately-run child-detention center raises serious questions about what they are trying to conceal from Congress and the public. 

I urge {{full_name}} to demand that members of Congress be allowed to conduct unscheduled, unannounced inspections of both public and privately run immigration detention facilities. And if she has not already done so, I ask her to add her name to the letter demanding that Congress stop funding the DHS family separation practices. I also urge her to craft legislation that requires the Department of Homeland Security to adopt a "child-care" approach rather than a "punitive-detention" approach. 

I also want to ask the Senator to co-sponsor S.2849 the Detention Oversight, Not Expansion Act (DONE Act) that halts expansion of detention facilities in favor less costly and more humane community-based alternatives and requires unannounced independent inspections and audits to ensure compliance with federal laws.
